You just said it at night
Long Fei plots the Sanyang Xuanzhen of your Ping family
One elbow forced you to hand over your martial arts
And you say
Longwei has always used looking for a lifetime as an excuse
Forcing you to do things for him
What is the truth?
Miss Dong, you are very clear about the matter
Then Long Fei can't smear the cliff treasures of my Ping family
I just took my granddaughter away with a worm
Then threaten the wonderful bug under the guise of Dragon Might
He is the messenger behind the scenes
The fur gnawed
The offering of the Chu family came out to kill Concubine Long for the old man
Peace after success
I am willing to bow and fulfill my position for the Chu family
dead
But as far as I know
Long Feiying is suspected of indecent assault
He has long been abolished and expelled from the Feilong Martial Arts Hall
Are you mistaken?
That group of people
Wearing the flag of the Chief Emperor's Mansion of Feilong Martial Arts Hall
No. After acting, the old man figured it out
The chief disciple of Feilong Martial Arts Hall is Long Fei
It can't be wrong, that's right.
And the information you get may not be true
Long Fei is very likely to take the opportunity to practice in seclusion
Rather than achieve prestige at the World Martial Arts Conference
Imagination is so scary
Why don't you write a skit?
He can call anything white black.
What if I'm distracted and happy right now?
Because of the broken Han flat body
He also used the little junior sister to involve framing
Waste dantian
Drive me out of the black man by the Five Pipes River
He is yours too
If not for the Snapdragon
What's all this about?
How should I reply to him?
Message must be blocked
Otherwise we will face endless pursuit
Wonderful head, you reply to him, the task has been completed.
But you were seriously injured
After the injury is healed, I will go to him for new business
Hard work and sleeplessness are already high
Does not meet the requirements to participate in the World Dance Competition
And the big eater
Won the highest honor in the ultimate bloodbath
Success has won the final four
So
You want to be in front of the world in the competition
For Free Revenge
You can only rely on the big eater
I'm not rich
You just need to kill the old man of the dragon concubine for the old man
I will betroth my granddaughter to you
Grandpa, what nonsense are you talking about?
master
Why didn't you ask my opinion before you said that?
Sorry Xiao Wu
I rushed to the doctor
Excuse me.
It's not impossible to let him in
But should I come?